We had a delightful dinner with friends visiting from the United States. The weather was absolutely gorgeous, and we sat outside. I started with nine delicious "escargots," and my wife ordered rillettes d'oie. We continued with superb soles and the most magical moment of all was the tarte Tatin! The service is friendly, attentive and competent. Chez Georges has become one of our favorite places in Paris.

Everything was perfect. The tables are close together but we never felt we were dining with the guests around us. Fantastic food (jambon  persille and chicken breast with mushrooms and a yummy cream sauce.) Isle flottante and prunes in Armagnac for dessert. It could not have been any better..nice tablecloths and napkins, Wonderful waitress. We loved it.

After being seated and ordering our appetizer the maitre'd came over and 'accused' us of not booking the right restaurant - he said regardless of our mistake we could stay .( i.e. He was most unpleasant and also note restaurant had only one other table occupied at this stage) We then showed him the booking conformation from his staff and yet he refused to be swayed. He then continued to berate us and said he would not apologize. By this point we were becoming so very uncomfortable that we requested to pay for our appetizer so we could leave. The waitress was very sweet and was clearly in an awkward position and attempted to make things easy for us to leave. Sadly the maitre'd was not content on an easy exit and continued what can only be described as a peculiar rant at which point we left! In general a very unpleasant last night in Paris!

Chez George was highly recommended by a friend that lives in Paris.  It did not disappoint!  We went for lunch.  It's very charming and NOT touristy.  The tomato tart was devine! Prices reasonable and we never felt rushed.  We stayed and chatted over wine.  Staff could not have been nicer!  I highly recommend this for lunch but I am looking forward to having dinner there on my next visit to Paris!

Once Great, Now a Tourist Trap. I hadn't been to what was once one of my favorite Paris bistros in a longtime, so I was delighted when a friend suggested we meet up here for lunch. Stoked by memories of the delicious sweetbreads in morel sauce and salmon with Bearnaise sauce, I arrived famished. The owner was brusque shading to unfriendly when I gave my name, then my friends name, and finally the name of her business, which she'd used for the reservation. This was unpleasant but nowhere near as calamitous as the meal that followed. The oeufs en meurette had exactly the same flavorless watery sauce as my sweetbreads, which were not cooked the way they should be--lightly browned with a custard texture inside. We shared a piece of tarte Tatin for dessert, and it was very ordinary, too. This once great bistro has well and truly become a woeful tourist trap, and it should be avoided, because they're many many other places in Paris where you'll eat better for less money. And I say this an American in Paris for more than forty years.
I had lunch here in October. This is an way overpriced tourist trap. The food is just above cafe quality with starred prices. And the wine prices are rapacious! My turbot with bearnaise was bloody awful, the fish was swimming in a puddle of it's own juices and water from the boiled potatoes........and the bearnaise wasn't home made in my opinion. The tarte au citron was flavourless with tough pastry. Appalling. And a delightful table of two Greek couples were of the same opinion. One of the guys did a very passable job of ordering the entire meal for the four of them in French. The snippy waitress had the sheer gall to correct him on his pronunciation of agneau! And their meal was just as bad. Don't go!

Charming but uncomfortable. It was just an uncomfortable lunch.  The restaurant is charming, but the service was awkward and unwelcoming.  The food was okay.  I thought it would be better quality with such simple presentation.  I did not receive the item I ordered, which had been verified with the server.  The bread was the most delicious part of the meal.  We did it but will nor be back.  I do nott think they will miss us anyway!

We visiting Chez Georges for dinner and were totally disappointed with the food - our starter of mushrooms was like eating cardboard - we each had sole meuni?re for main course and while the fish itself was fine it looked terrible lonely on the plate - we have the desert special of the day - known as whatever the humour of the chef and can only conclude he was having a bad day as the prune cake that arrived must have been made a day or two before. To be fair the staff were all very nice and friendly but the food was not of the quality expected. Total tourist trap that is unfairly dining out on its association with the Julia Childs story.

Great place. Lovely host, great food, perfect location. Felt like I was a regular - although it was my first time at Chez Georges. This is exactly like a good restaurant should fell like. I will come back next time when I am in Paris.

At first the server was nice.  But as the evening went on and he became busy, he was not as attentive and kind. The food was fine but when treated this way, it leaves a bad memory and bad taste.   Later I became ill and I am almost certain it is from the restaurant.   Another colleague of mine became ill as well.   I will certainly pass the word along to others.   Poor customer service typical in Paris.

This is unpretentious French food in a setting that feels authentic and cosy. The extensive wine list was a little intimidating so is an excellent place if you wine knowledge is broad. Steak was perfectly cooked and fries were ideal. Would love to return one day. Booking is a necessity as it books up fast with both locals and tourists.

Chez Georges is a fantastic restaurant. I normally do not visit the same restaurant more than once when in a different country, but I came to Chez Georges three nights in a row. The standard of their food is incredibly high, they have a large wine list with many good choices, and their portion sizes are honestly huge. I have a big appetite, and Chez Georges is once of the few restaurants where I have left feeling absolutely stuffed. I tried their herring, escargot, duck pate, lamb shank, andoulliette, duck breast, rum baba, and mille feuille. With their herring, they serve a huge portion - I had eight pieces in mine, which constitutes about two fillets! Their andoulliette and duck breast is the best I have ever had, and both portion sizes are large, with a generous helping of chips on side. You get four or five times more duck than you would get in a normal restaurant. The food here is incredible and I would thoroughly recommend everyone to come to the restaurant.

As mentioned, tight quarters/tables, but ok since you know that going in. Very locals type vibe and the staff were so nice and made us feel right at home. Fast service and fresh and wonderful French food. Salad with goat cheese cake and sole were delish:): We we were too full for dessert, so pace yourself, the portions are bigger then expected! Great area to walk and explore after, so it's a perfect afternoon.

There are some Parisian favorites which one day, after years of wonderful meals, just stops delivering. Chez Georges served us expensive and mediocre food last night. The foie gras was disappointing, the green beans overcooked and falling apart, my scallops were delicious but the potatoes on the side not eatable, they were out of most desserts and the staff though friendly was at the end of their rope. After going for 20 years or so, I am done with it and quite sad to say the truth.

I made reservations for dinner (as there were 9 of us relatives traveling together).  I tried to reserve online, however, it would not allow me to, so I ended up emailing a reservation request, which was answered saying they could accommodate us. Our dinner was very good.  The service was wonderful, the servers were gracious and helpful.  The food was really good in my opinion.  For some of my family, it was their first experience with some of these french dishes, and everyone was pleased.
